in the car
we're all go no you I said we're all
going
and you do want thing to do that cousin
survival 64 cowboy
[Applause]
[Music]
you're no war allow me to read Deus
myself my name is oh there's two of them
a two billion dollars worth of us the
three of us don't work together
billions of people will die your sisters
one of the toughest baddest most capable
women I've ever encountered know what
kind of girl I see will you do it you
think I should you pay of course I think
you're stupid
never claimed to have winged sword
[Music]
we're gonna need cars and guns oh I can
handle that part I'm sorry to bring this
here mama
Luke this is your home
go away cool you're gonna get one style
more and ask Whoopi Superman
there comes a Crips about vampires yeah
if I keep stop
in a fire oh no this is not good we're
going for a ride
movie directors my Island mother
allow me to reduce myself my name is
[Music]
they're so beautiful
you're beautiful
who you choose girl chooses your whole
life my daughter has turned into a fine
girl and a good man has asked for her
hand
he never laid eyes on something so pure
we're never gonna make any sense well
for us wanting to go has only thing that
makes any sense in this place when the
devil creepley you need someone to see
the truth even when you don't you got a
choice you got to make
[Music]
I couldn't find my way to the truth of
it
ain't listen to the spirits this circuit
will purify you assert that will cleanse
you won't come want to get clean
[Music]
Sarathy nara community sir she can't be
a part of this they're loners that's
what I'll let you do to me
[Music]
no race was ever won in the first corner
but many have been lost then I should
know I was born to be a race car driver
but there's only one problem
That's not me that's me he picked me out
of a pile of pups tangled massive paws
and Tails this one definitely this one
the pick of the litter she always said
that well just a minute now we were
thinking of keeping them he always said
that true hey call it fate call it luck
all I knew was I was meant to be his dog
you like that
like it I loved it sound smells I felt
like I truly belonged in racing your car
goes where your eyes go not really much
of a dog person it's more person than
dog
Denny was clearly taken with her
grooming she probably bathed every day
for all I knew does he always stare at
people like this if he likes them
the best drivers don't dwell on the
future or the past
the best drivers focus only on the
present
and so
no one knows what curves life will throw
at you
but if a driver has the courage to
create his own conditions
and the rain is simply rain
but for now all I want is one more lap
or bastard any faster
oh boy c'mere it must be amazing to have
a body that can carry an entire creature
inside I just hoped it would look like
me
[Music]
Dora say for dinner if you think you
know Dora she'll grow out of it
think again Dora this isn't the jungle
it's high school it's life or death so
if I don't talk to you don't take a
person okay we're all just trying to
survive High School's a horrible
nightmare are you I'm glad you brought
it I'm just kidding I don't actually
care we're onto something big Dora an
ancient city made of gold we're gonna
break some rules
we're coming with you Prima oh look Dora
brought a knife on the field trip
everybody
it's a jungle puzzle
putting lovers
the jungle is perfectly safe
no seriously you had that in your
backpack too
Dora and the lost city of gold
[Music]
excuse me I hate chili con carne with PG
Alfonso Caretti you girls been very busy
I'm Annie Ruby mrs. Brennan I won't
fight Claire you're the one I have to
watch out for out here
[Music]
my husband's 24 more months left other
services you girls gonna be just fully
we're gonna take care of you can't even
make the rent what they gave me last
night what are we gonna do all these men
working these streets and not a solid
set of balls in here a bunch of guys
that don't even remember what family
means so we remind them I don't want you
to talk I want you to teach me
step off my business
baby it's my business man and if you
need to talk to through then get
out of our way I know their rights to
wipe you off the face of the earth we've
worked hard for this you want to go back
to how was I rather died and go back
you go to war there's no coming back
Claire put a bullet in his head you
girls kill me
[Music]
some people believe if we repeat stories
often enough
they become real
[Music]
they make us who we are that can be
scary eat it Harold do you want to see
on it house
some kids went missing so they boarded
it up
okay I saw it we go now toward the
chicken
[Music]
what's that it's a book of scary stories
tell me a story hey what's going on
Tommy's missing
Tommy's name was in the book there's no
way it's actually connected right okay
what is what happens in the book is
exactly what's happened for real oh my
god listen you're in the next story
reading it right here
[Music]
I'm afraid that we broke something up
you shouldn't have taken the book
we've gotta stop it
sara bellows his book when the stories
write themselves and it all comes alive
the jinglun is coming
the sheep in this world and their wolves
in this world
and I've known that YouTube are they're
just too weird travelers who lost their
way so we don't clean you up right
put a baptism I'm more on baptism by
fire time okay
come to my wrestling school and become a
badass that's what he wants to do with
the rest of his life yes it is you got a
half-naked boy with Down syndrome who
has no idea how to get along in this
room just slip out from under your nose
you two are close we are well then
you'll figure out where he's at and
you'll bring him back are you following
me maybe we could be friends and buddies
bro dogs and chill have a good time
seeing a wrestling schools lady yeah one
long road leads all the way down I'll
drop you there I'm looking for a missing
person have you seen him
little man Elena makes girl from back
there Eleanor too bad it's on the road
oh yeah
number one don't slow me down rule
number two I'm in charge
hey what's mean number one party no not
party
[Applause]
back you have a young boy with Down
syndrome in the middle of nowhere all
right well while you've been doing
paperwork we've been doing something
called living Oh tell her I'm gonna give
you all I'm nauseous
for my birthday I made a promise to him
give me that wrestling school and Aiden
no we're not gonna hop on your little
raft and cruise around down the ribs so
how far is it but that for a minute are
your fingers to scale yeah
[Music]
I think it's time for us to go back now
we could be a family friends are the
family into wrestlers got alter egos you
need a name
Falcon Peterborough yeah
[Music]
we're gonna need a bigger slingshot
Fred we've discovered a third island we
need to put aside our differences and
work together they world from being
destroyed what we really need is a hero
actually that positions been filled
I have to get a team together we're
busting you out she's super smart wait
who's that and why is she all over these
achievement award I just don't think
this is gonna work okay so what I'm
usually angry talks to herself
left-handed probably a with fun being
alone I like her next we're gonna need
some muscle
look that doctor okay guys step one
travel undetected to the island pull the
gadgets you see here have been designed
with your current mission in mind the
first Bing and visit spray how long does
the invisibility last for forever why
Teva we're not gonna be able to see each
other okay so what's the plan
trust me I know working with what we get
we're gonna need a disguise
goodness crazy what's going on down
there
oh it's on anyone smell bacon
[Music]
so comments for Pakistan
yeah of course Emma's mates are coming
and I know one who would be perfect for
you she's not fussy really first day out
of the top and stay there away from the
girls I want to be a writer but my
family is stuck in another century
writing isn't a job I need you to do
more
make a wish better kiss the girl and get
out of this dump
Bruce the direct line to all destroying
this shitty world seriously what does he
know about our worlds
[Music]
we should be listening to our music
before you start getting confused and
hating yourself
[Music]
I listen to everything I can feel it all
right here
it's like Bruce knows everything ever
felt everything I've ever wanted
four poems they're not brilliant for
their minds you think that this man
seems for people like us but he talks to
me
[Applause]
[Music]
you cannot be serious night my dream was
to come here and work hard for my family
she don't try to fix this we will lose
our son for good
this guy is incredible you've never
heard lyrics like is that Billy Joel
Billy Joel you try and raise your kids
right
[Music]
Boosh things about not letting the
hardness of the world stop you from
there in the best of you slip away my
hope is to build a bridge to my
ambitions but not a wall between my
family and me purpose do you visit I'm
going to st. Bruce Springsteen's
hometown I can't think of a better
reason to visit the United States and to
see the home of the boss
[Applause]
traps like us baby we were born to run
did you write that I've told you before
your lyrics are rubbish
I didn't even rhyme what I found at
school today
whatever I've no idea gets a tampon girl
shove it up their buttholes to stop
babies from coming out and eighth-grader
told me that I'm having a party tomorrow
us yep
pink Dora Lucas come you're so random
they're my best friends we did
everything together doesn't meet girls
to the party you know that means drama
no kissing you do not want to go to the
storms party not knowing you have a kiss
we could spy on my neighbor she's a
total nymphomaniac
she starts fires no she's a nymphomaniac
someone who has sex on land and sea this
is what happens when you don't respect
women I respect women
my mom's my best friend what about me
but that's gonna kill me chill this is
how we get the girl back good sugar mama
you took my bag oh my god there's Molly
in there okay who's Molly because she's
not with us Jesus
here's the I'm gonna go to the party
with the beer so everyone knows that I'm
cool what do you have your pants but
like this ever since I was a baby it's
kind of embarrassing I'm guessing you're
not the popular kids in school
[Music]
I'm fine
oh hell no if you don't get to that
party all doc party
you guys are like seven feeding us like
kids between Oh gummy vitamins know how
things work my closet and indoor swing
what are you doing that's one is for
sexing people do sex on I know you're
home
apparently I hope you don't mind I
called the BlackBerry abatement
specialist the blackberry vines are
coming under the wall it's in my raised
vegetable beds my worm bins it's Tom
Bernadette Fox no card Bernadette Fox
was simply the most exciting thing in
the world of architecture 20 years ago
I think what happened to my mom is that
she got so focused on her family she
forgot about herself honey you're
getting enough sleep sleep what's up
yeah
so from what you're saying she ran over
a mother at school Bernadette incoming
what do we do what men she created an
environment which destroyed a neighbor's
home
[Music]
you're just split into my home Japanese
maples the birdbath is practically in my
living room today
people like you must create if you don't
you become a menace to society
[Music]
unexpected has come up just thinking
about it's got my heart race don't
bother
I have concocted a plan burn again
[Music]
you'll never guess what happened she
disappeared
Bernadette jumped out a window
there's one answer to all of your
problems get your ass back to work
[Music]
a huge project has come up it will
require me to go to Antarctica it's
twice the challenge anyone ever imagines
with long stretches without sleep and
exercise sounds like I've been in
training for this for the last 20 years
I have this one shot to launch my second
act so step aside because I am about to
kick the hell out of life world
domination ain't pretty
[Music]
I can't believe that in half an hour I
will be a part of the the Domus gaming
dynasty Empire Dominion we prefer
Dominion yeah I honestly can't wait to
be a part of your family there's just
one more thing and then you are
officially part of the family so at
midnight get to play game why it's just
something we do when someone new joins
the family a game what game
I didn't think are you really gonna play
that well the rules are simple you can
hide anywhere we then trying to find you
so there's no way for me to win right
and stay hidden don't honor
no thank you good luck
[Music]
what the hell is this how old is this
thing I know you're in here sweetheart
you shot the maid that she looked like
she's wearing a giant white wedding
dress
Emily seen I had to play them off so
that I can get you out they think that
de came for sunrise there was something
very bad will happen to the family if we
don't find her and perform the ritual
we're all dead
founder and today's video is called
getting to know your crossbow good why
don't you just use mine
that's all javis I just saw her anything
did you see another sacrifice
yes I didn't see where to get married
[Music]
what is that the grocer pros how long
after this last concussion did the
migraine start pretty much right away
going on your data you need to be a lot
more careful said it was from a car
accident
yeah
what line of work evening computer sales
okay
what's going on I just want you to come
see
you almost blew me up don't worry about
finding me
I'll find you what brings in today uh I
have a hard time focusing get enough
sleep every night how much is enough six
to eight hours
Oh way more than that I had a friend she
was prescribed done adderall and now
she's very alert you know some people
abused adderall what
let's get you healthy I want you to try
losing 55 pounds that's the weight of a
Siberian Husky you want me to pull a
medium-sized working dog off of my body
it's trying to feel like everyone's
lives are going places and the mind sort
of stuck hold it hold it please
try not to leave all your stuff in the
hallway I'd be the third time this month
change is possible if I keep
interviewing no one thinks I'm the right
fit I would love you to walk me through
CPR or this doll oh I'm sorry this child
was dead I need to get a teeny bit
healthier we have raised as low as 129
dollars you do know that people can run
outside that is zero and lock
you do that somebody chasing you over
did you do what's doing it sorry I'm
talking vice my sister she owns a
company house in pet-sitting all right
I'll stay bad taste in music you're the
new girl I'm the nighttime guy Jaron I'm
done with the drinking I'm don't like
this model 50,000 people from around the
world are racing today I want to run the
New York City Marathon I think that is
such a good idea thank you so much I'm
really good at making profiles god woman
it's not that bad I'm just gonna give
you mine okay do you know how to spell
herpes
my whole life the world told me I was
lazy because the way I looked was trying
to turn my life around everything's
gonna be fine people help doors for me
how old doors for you you change your
life was never about you to wait was
about you taking responsibility for
yourself what is going on in this crazy
place in this world nothing is what it
seems
few moments ago things were different a
lot different I was with my brother
Charlie
someone's taken her with my connections
I could find your brother no problemo
one of them is the world's greatest
secret agent this one over the last
several months a number of citizens
vanished into thin air
do you think it's the same people who
took my brother I'm 100% almost sure
well well you weren't the strongest your
sis warriors can find you gotta fight
for your life in my arena
[Applause]
here he comes here he comes here he
comes
Charlie's out there all alone
come on let's motivate
we're heading into dangerous territory
well played
Oh
there's no chance of dad's or anything
right
it's okay to be excited to see me you're
only human
all right charlie
we can do that
[Applause]
tell the boss Dells here to see you I
got a Dell down here asking to see miss
cheap no not Adele they'll be honest
hey Ashley jack
the best thing about your dad being such
a screw-up so I get to spend time with
my favorite niece
[Music]
so sorry jack tell me this isn't
happening
I'll pray for second chance to save even
boys in my bedroom was the date today
yes
III don't understand there's a crime
that in your time hasn't yet happened
did there's gonna die in mom's gonna die
so are you but as long as you're alive
two days to live what's that
just reconstructing the timeline
who did it I don't know that yet there's
people here there's a white car please
turn around and go yeah tell me what's
going on
I'm not gonna die
not gonna let that happen
[Applause]
[Music]
you